I can handle my own business
Mom, go back first
You ouch mom
Good morning, you will piss your mother off sooner or later
Mom doesn't have you
Your hand! What's wrong with your hand?
God hired the sky slippery
He's crazy. A little injury won't hurt.
Hey
At first
When your dad's mistress pushed me downstairs
Fortunately, Tingting found it in time
Otherwise, your mother's life would be long gone
In the past three years
He is in front of me
Always a well-behaved and sensible child
I didn't expect him
Hey
That being the case
Mom won't force you to marry him
But Yunyao
He doesn't deserve you.
You'd better leave him as soon as possible
I'll handle it myself
Hey mom knows
I can't control you now
I know Hirakawa's temper too well
Going on will only hurt our mother and son's feelings
Forget it, I'll go back first.
Mom, I'll take you
Don't you want people to know that your name is Zhao Tingchuan?
I went by myself
Hey, Shen Pinting said that Lu was seducing Mr. Gu
Is this true or not?
Keep your voice down
What are you afraid of? It's just the two of us here.
Aren't you curious
This morning.
I saw something come out of Mr. Gu's company with a red face
It's clearly been pampered